Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
You've got one of them shining brown.
They say you want us to have one of their
secret stones to fill.
Will you be the man to raise it?
Hulk.
My brothers... I greet you in the name of
the great light...
whose coming was foretold within this
secret ring.
You resent my greeting.
Why?
If my brothers are silent... perhaps it is
because there are no longer certain who it
is that addresses them as arc druid of the
sacred grove.
Who says these things?
We've heard it said
that you have left the
old ways to follow a
new god. a foreign god.
From ancient days. we
have sought knowledge
so to be might learn
the truth of all things.
Is this not so?
It is?
Then how should we be slow to grasp the
truth when it is proclaimed before us?
We know many truths. master.
Which truth is proclaimed this day?
The final truth!
Then you have become a follower of this
Yezu.
He is the great light of whom our
forebears spoke.
He is the one we have always sought to
find and worshiped unknowingly.
And it is his priests who cut down our
groves.
Topled our ancient places.
Men act in ignorance.
Yet the truth remains.
We all know from whence these ideas came.
We all know who it was who led the great
half-garn astray.
Taliesin was the greatest part who ever
lived.
He betrayed our brother.
He gave our brotherhood its greatest
vision lies.
You do not deserve truth. saculate!
No one may set their foot on the sacred
seat.
Not even the arc druid himself.
The first one is the soul of the Lord.
They are leaving!
The truth is the truth.
Sevenths of the truth.
Hear me!
Why do you wonder that the wisest among
you should greet you in the name of Yezu?
The one who caught himself the way and the
truth.
How is it that you who seek the truth in
always should be blind to it now?
You believe this grove is sacred?
The stones?
The new ways?
The old?
I say. he who created the stones in the
trees is greater as he is ways.
It is nothing!
King Taladrig Stewart gave me a pic of the
kitchen before we left.
We have some raw onions. raw parsnips.
raw leeks. cheese. carrots.
Also raw barley bread.
Plenty of plums to help digest it all.
You have been here before.
Long ago.
We must be alert as we need a custom and
border.
You know as well as anyone alive what
grief can do to him. man?
Yes.
I suppose I do.
God.
take your relis.
What a kill piece!
Can't see like that.
I think the whole sex and army could have
crept up on you.
No.
I should knock you on your king's ass.
See?
The perfect returning.
Hail and hold and free from enchantment.
Hi.
How many?
More than 10.000.
You're a metal I came through.
Men of the west are with us.
I saw them in camp this morning.
Brave hearts. everyone.
I was hoping for more.
They fight mountains.
One of the warriors is one of these three
sex and on foot.
Where does that leave us?
I was hoping for more.
We have come from King Loth of Orchidy.
I'd like to the Great English.
The gods have willed that they will fight
for us.
It is fortunate for you that you have to.
My lord. hangest.
He's not a lord.
He's bred for all the lord of all lord.
Bad baller.
I've come bearing guess.
From my father. King Loth.
And his wife.
My thanks to your father.
The lady Morgan is no mother of mine.
Not to which is flesh and blood.
Be careful. boy.
You do not want to outlive your usefulness
to her.
Oh. me.
Is there some little blood you'll back.
pal?
It's been a tight instance. trying to keep
these bastards from King Loth.
We've got these cemetery pagans.
Mitharos worshippers.
They'll be plenty of killing soon enough.
Hey. just imagine the glory of a man.
What's over glory there is in slaughter.
I've had my filth.
There is words of these.
I learned much while I was at any
cyberlock.
I spoke with the fish of King.
He told me of the western land from when
the fur folk came.
He told me of his realm and
a thousand years of peace in
how war amongst their kings
nearly destroyed their people.
It's been tales like all women's been
flexed red blood.
King making requires blood and sweat.
You know this brother.
I learned more there.
I learned to pursue the Christ.
And I have become his follower.
What does it matter?
Take a new God.
Take a dozen for all I care.
Better our chances.
It is more than that. Uther.
I've seen what the fish king and his people
have done for the week in the suffering.
I've seen them mercy and it is stronger
than the strength of armies.
It is the future of Britain.
And it must be our future too.
Are you out of your mind?
Yeah.
Uther.
I brought brother Aaron from inner seven
act.
He's come to his structure in the
catechism of the church.
And baptize you in the name of Lord you
see.
baptize me.
I will do anything for you.
I will need your war host.
I will kill your enemies.
I hope I need your king.
But please. do not ask me to do this.
Look at them.
Boys playing the game of kings.
They've played it well.
Their support can attest.
They may have rooted out that you suffer
and settled their blood debt.
But that does not make already us.
My high king.
There are some who would misunderstand and
consider those words as treasonous.
Especially now. Saxon host draws mine.
I know you too.
More count to believe you're willing to
bend your knee for any man.
A webbed for you weaving on that spider's
mind.
The brothers defeated Bortagram with the
help of their kinsmen's army.
An army that even now sails for our war
occur.
How many men have left for them to call
upon?
200.
And they would openly move against them.
With the Saxons marching against us.
You take me for a fool.
But who's to say on the day of battle?
They're the ones to lead us to victory and
gain the glory.
They say they have the embers with them.
I am Magnus Maximus.
Taliessev.
Blessed Bran himself.
I've met this so-called embers of this.
And the Merlin died long before you and I
were born Donald.
If he ever lived.
No.
Those boys are on their own.
I'm fine.
Truly. Mother.
You should eat something for your
strength.
He's been divided in his heart for a long
time.
I think now that it is over. he finally
feels free.
Divided between Yaser and the old gods.
But how can he be happy?
The brother had still refused to believe
even after.
Not every man will choose to believe and
follow the light to my little hawk.
Dead men rise and stones dance in the air.
And nothing you or anyone else can do will
change that.
They're like his win in Merlin.
Go.
What kind of man is this?
Who can stand against such power?
My home!
Are you murdered at Taliessev?
Son of the greatest truth you ever lived.
Brings of kings of the land.
And champion of the summer!
Mother!
Who?
How do you do?
I'm all like here.
Evil one name.
You should name some drama and share with
your flesh.
Just as this is the same.
You should send some sh...
I'm going to create a search.
Get him a feeling.
Let go of me!
I know he did.
He died so I hope that the most I was well
under the sand.
I'm sorry to you.
Have you saved the man?
I know he did.
Great life!
I spent six winters with a hillfolk with a
whole thing.
Learning the ways of earth's vast
children.
When I eventually mastered
their tongue. he told me
of a cloud ship like a hand
that stopped the blade.
At first. I looked to make myself escape.
In time. however. I began to sense a
purpose at work. and my presence among them.
The purpose I would eventually make itself
known.
We should send an emissary east.
Only the legions can defeat such a force.
There are no legions.
It's scarcely even wrong.
Vortagon invited his doom upon us.
And yet. the Saxons stayed in their lands
and honoured their treaty with him.
Until he was killed.
The Saxon will honour a treaty while it
suits him.
Whether Vortagon had
lived or not. they would
have turned their
eyes to us eventually.
Can call us.
Vortagon has gone.
Vortagon is gone.
The Saxon is here.
What more is there to see?
Then the canovial fight.
But who will lead to fight?
My brother is hiking.
My brother commands no army of his own.
We met at the west.
Recognize Aurelius is the lawful hiking.
And we offer him our armies.
Every horse. Spearman and Archer.
We all acknowledge Aurelius's claim.
High King. he may be.
But leading an army requires training.
Skilled.
You bastard.
I have named my brother.
A duck's Britanniaaron.
But chief of all the armies of the island
of the mighty?
Well. there has not been a duck's
Britanniaaron. since Maximus marched to Rome.
And yet there is one now.
Ufa is a matched on the battlefield.
And he's a keen strategist.
As I believe you are so kind of test.
The Carnovius won't know us to you.
This hike can't.
You swore an oath to our father.
Your father is dead.
You asked my opinion.
I give it now.
Your father did nothing to make us
stronger.
He took more from Alharvest than any Saxon
reader.
And walked again.
He sold us to the barbarians.
And betrayed our brothers.
At the treason of the long nights.
Were you killed behind your walls?
I will not suffer insult.
From a half Saxon bastard boy.
No matter who your father was.
I will fight the barbarians.
But I've had enough of high kings.
And you've spoken many words in haste.
Some are not so easily retracted.
And you are not my tutor that I would be
schooled.
Do you realize your damage is just caused?
Do you realize those vipers are openly
moving against you?
If you give them the right name of ducks.
your waters won't give them your crown.
Lay half but no crown.
They have no kingdom.
Now for it you won't stop the Saxon.
I won't even have a people.
How many men has called us command?
420 from pneumonia.
Court of our force.
Thank you.
It's all me earlier.
I need to do anything else to be.
You kill my enemies.
Bend the knee.
You have what to say the word.
I want you to find all of us.
I want you to be done.
I'm going to do
it.
Go on. Lars!
My Lord!
Get out that check.
Go on. Lars!
Come on. Lars!
Come on. sir.
Thank you. good greetings.
My Lord.
Ruth. I...
You will return personally.
Perhaps you would like to sit while you
wait.
Would you care for a drink as well.
Lord Arthur?
As close.
Corn over here. not fame for their wine.
but I hope you'll find it pleasing.
You must be one of Lord Aurelius's men.
You. for more of care
than I've heard. it is a
beautiful land full of
apple trees and white cliffs.
Hi.
It is.
The forest there. big and full of game.
Feels perfect for telling crops.
But now our country is as beautiful as
this one.
Alfred isn't catching it.
You get enough.
My Christ and his saints.
Does your offense know no bounds?
Perhaps across the sea.
And the Roman war camps.
They taught you to pray on the young and
naive.
Lord Arthur sought you. Father.
I was merely extending him your courtesy
while we waited your return.
Then speak. boy.
What do you have to see?
Your journey was long.
I came from Yanny's Abilock.
The road has fallen much from disuse.
I was not speaking of the miles.
Your hall has changed little these past
fifty years.
Did you think to find it so different?
Mervin Wilton.
We do not forget who we are.
Or what has been done to us?
Lord again is dead.
The Saxons overrun
the eastern shore and the
kings of Britain
rallied to her post-ents.
The kings of the south are fat and lazy.
If they lived beyond the wall.
fighting picked to your Irish every
summer. they would never have allowed the
barbarian of foothold in this land.
And yet. what the barbarian has taken can
be won back.
There is to be a new high king.
Son of Constance.
Or rather. two sons.
One to rule.
And one to lead the war host as ducks.
It is they who have rallied the kings of
the south and west.
They are the ones who would oppose the
Saxons now.
I have come to ask the northern lords to
join with them.
You went to my home once again.
And the first words out of your mouth.
that you ask me for this.
The brothers have named me their high
counselor.
They have asked me to raise an army.
You know of what I speak!
50 years.
And never once a word.
And not so much as a thought.
For those left behind.
If there is such need.
Why do you not go yourself?
Join the fight.
Right forth against the barbarian.
And lead your high king to his victory.
I cannot.
You cannot.
And what prevents you?
Hey?
Are you not strong enough?
Are you not?
The mighty Merlin.
Terrible to meet on the fields of battle.
You know I cannot.
I've seen what you can do.
Why don't you summon the battle.
are we. eh?
Then you can single-handedly slaughter the
entire Saxon host.
Until the blood sucks the Earth.
You know I cannot.
What I know is this.
You parade yourself as a prophet.
Don't worry about a champion of light.
Yet when the day of trouble comes.
You cannot even save those and trust you
both.
No!
Because. baby. the lads.
Sorry for you.
Hopefully the regalies generous in the
Saxonite.
I send you to speak on my behalf.
Anna. I find you here playing games.
Boys.
I'd rumour there was nail house in the
next valley over.
For just a barrel. too. yeah?
Well.
you've much learned about fighting.
remember that.
And your lord asked your question.
And my lord should use his wits.
What do you see there. brother?
Half those tribes ain't each other.
but tonight.
And they all stand in the 90th blind
queue.
So you're welcome.
And his gallas behind me.
I've heard my speech like you asked.
And?
I knew him poorly.
But if please look off for that.
I give you one single task.
How?
He's never gonna fool!
That arrogant old fool is the most
respected fighter in this camp.
He has faced the Saxons before and won.
Raiding parties.
Which is more than you have done.
Oh. I don't question your skill and
bravery in battle.
But the other kings do.
And if gallas withdraws his war band.
they will most certainly follow.
We cannot let our forces be divided.
not even by one note.
If we do. the enemy will prevail.
And Britain will be lost.
Without even a fight.
Not exactly the reception you were hoping
for.
It was exactly the reception I was
expecting.
Forgive me then. my lord. but why did we
come here?
I must go back the way I came.
All the way to the beginning.
Without the north. the kings of Britain are
not strong enough to repel the invaders.
Even you may struggle to persuade a king
who hates you.
He blames you.
I know what he blames me for.
And you know how hard this is going to be.
And you may not have noticed.
We are currently locked in a dungeon.
I had noticed.
The customs anger is fierce.
But it will pass.
We will bound together once that bond will
not fail.
He is still the man I knew.
Are you certain?
At once we were there to live here.
It is our gift.
And our curse.
All men change. Lord.
Even us.
It is an insult to all of us.
No matter the father.
The boy should have consulted us before
naming his brother the ducks.
Perhaps in our moricah one king lords it
over another as he wills.
But that is not how it is done here.
You've always had a silver tongue.
Spito this thing that you're trying to end
up.
Only that I took an oath to Aurelius.
Not to his full of a brother.
We must have a battle chief who can lead
us to victory.
And that Donald is right.
If there is to be a ducks Britannia.
let us decide it in Council.
We are all kings are we not?
Do we not all supply and train our own war
bands?
Should we not have a say in who would lead
them?
And if Aurelius refuses to heed our
wisdom. then he must be challenged.
You said yourself.
you swore an oath to the boy.
And as you have said. you have not.
They are too slithering snakes.
I know.
Then why do you entertain them?
Because they are kings of Britain.
And because they speak the truth.
The brothers are honourable men.
Aurelius perhaps.
But he is young.
And tried.
And war with the Saxon.
There is no place to learn how to lead.
You learnt in battle.
How much like your mother you are.
Whenever I fell moved before she would
speak to me.
You were torn father.
I can see it.
Sometimes honor makes demands of us.
That it would be foolish to fulfil.
This is the way of a king.
It is not your way.
Of my dungeons giving you time to think of
them.
They have.
Time I much needed it.
We have for me as well.
You know truth be told.
I did not believe I would ever see you
again.
Once.
There was much I wanted to say.
to you.
So many things.
But now.
After all these years.
I find there is nothing left in my heart.
But justice.
You were a father to me.
Then you were a son.
I tried.
You failed.
And no one will exact a father's price.
For that failure.
And with greatest regrets.
That in the hour of tribulation. the
distance between our realms is too far.
Further as the Irish raids increase.
That is enough.
We received any replies to what other
letters.
Elder for the habera come.
And the old gruban or del get lied.
Both are as pardon.
Because they are unable to send aid.
And with the loss of our kiddie.
We have heard no word at all.
There is a trace.
Thank you.
You have sent a reply thanking them for
their answers.
Even with all the war bands here.
We still don't make up more than half of
Legion in strength.
Our enemies disorganize and undisciplined.
Forgive me.
Lord. Aurelius.
But our enemy grows stronger by the hour.
Every day more ships cross the sea
bringing Saxons. angles. juts.
We are outmatched.
Five to one.
Their memories is rallying the kings of
the north.
The war bands could be rolling to where
you'd even though.
Could be.
The north do not care if we live in peace
or burn at the torch.
Let us speak truthfully among ourselves.
brothers.
Not since the days of
the legions have so many
foes gathered in the
island of the mighty.
If we had to have any hope of victory.
there must be nothing left to chance.
I call on us to name King Golas.
as Dutch. but any Arab.
You burst it.
I second this choice.
This treason. your brother is not king
yet.
And who challenges his claim?
I do.
And before we play King Macon.
there is a war that must be won.
The choosing of the docks could mean the
difference between victory and defeat.
I ask you and your brother to step aside
and let another lead.
You burst!
You do not breath right!
To follow you. but not only mean the death
of many.
It would mean the death of Britain.
Of death comes to you first.
You fled me enough!
Enough!
Steady. brother.
We cannot afford to lose one man.
Will you follow me into battle?
I will not send the sons of my lords.
To die.
Behind true and disciplined and untrained
boys!
And we will settle this the old way.
So we must.
Fetch my arm and shield for this old
oxygen's mind.
No. no. no.
They're challenging me for the throne.
Fine to be hiking.
This is a fight on this way.
Do you know what the punishment was in
Atlantis for betraying a king?
I know your grief. Lord.
It is my own.
Though I bear it. not as you.
You bear it. not at all.
But you will.
What are you doing?
Police had nothing to do with that day.
He followed his master.
And he found my child.
I still need to stop this madness.
You quarrel with me.
No!
Watch and suffer.
Like I suffered.
Look at you.
You're just going to let him die.
aren't you?
Like you'll hurt Ty.
Because to them. please.
All you've got to do is slay me and save
him.
Like you could have saved her.
Show me you could have saved her!
Finish it!
Go on then!
This is the second time you found yourself
beneath my blade. King Stunnit.
You'll not be a third.
Don't waste your strength in this dog.
I am your bathroom chief.
Let me be your champion.
I cannot.
This is their scheme.
At work. brother.
He seeks to dream you. draw given to them.
Please. brother. let me fight.
He is a great warrior.
A seasoned warrior.
He will kill you.
This is where it must be.
The soul is in God's hands.
God's a fickle. brother.
Not my God.
The sword is brittle.
I'm not staying this noble blade with
British blood.
Yeah. give me yours.
He's strong. but slow.
We're him down.
It's strictly our mercy.
I will see this once again in the healing
of all.
You. your claim.
Many words were spoken in anger.
Don't forget forgive.
If you agree to bend the knee.
So be it.
You're blood.
Be on your own head.
I must not be carried.
She was never a man given to soft things.
Like ribbons and flowers.
You made that change. you know.
It didn't bring her in.
No.
It seemed right that she should find her
rest here.
Now. I tried to save her.
Who am I strength?
Who am I power?
With everything I had.
Tell me about these brothers that you now
serve.
Aurelius is of noble stock.
He is a man of both Roman and British
blood. though young.
He has a wisdom beyond his ears.
I've seen his future in the fire.
I've seen him lead an army.
I've seen his courage and battle.
I've seen him administer both justice and
mercy.
I believe him to be the hiking this land
needs.
And the other?
Great darkness is falling upon this land.
Right or wrong?
These brothers are only hooked and against
it.
Not our only hope.
The kings of the North shall ride to their
head.
You have my word.
Drink this.
You see?
The kings.
Did you see the kings?
They fall in.
The gods take the kings' ridges.
The men and the men. brother.
After what they saw for you until it is
itself.
No!
You did not let them hear me scream.
Stay.
I am Costenin. king of Gothae and
Calithon.
You've met my daughter. Gagnetta.
I found myself endlessly curious about
your mother.
I think you don't reveal your secrets.
I would ask you to win through here with
us.
You forget that I knew your father.
You have his presence.
Stay.
I sense danger in this place.
Gagnetta.
Thank you very much.
Tired of searching for subtitles?
Ray generates them instantly: getray.app